hey guys so here is a video to quickly
explain how to upgrade the memory card
on your three es this will work for
either the original 3ds the excel and
probably the two TS as well since it's
all the same crap really I have here a
brand new memory card 32 gig my Excel
came with the 4 gig card and my original
3ds that I use most of the time this
thing is my spare came with a 2 gig card
which is abysmal for anyone who likes to
download anything I picked this thing up
at Walmart because it was on sale this
thing cost me like 13 bucks which is
really freaking good for a class 10 32
gig card so in any case what you will
need to do this is a memory card reader
or a computer that has a memory card
reader built in I have one like right on
the side of my laptop here but what's
even better is if you have a card reader
and the computer with a card reader
built in because then you can do this in
one shot instead of doing back and forth
and etc etc but in any case Nintendo was
kind of known for making it really
difficult to copy and transfer things
from one device to another except when
it comes to swapping memory cards for
some strange reason this is ridiculously
simple I don't know why Nintendo didn't
do anything kind of screwy for this
transfer process but it is literally
like the fastest thing I've ever done
all you really have to do is take the SD
card out of the 3ds pop it in a computer
and then drag and drop everything that's
on the card from one to another pop the
new card back in and you're done wait
literally that's it
so I'm going to demonstrate this just to
give you guys a really quick overview I
don't have any fancy like video capture
software or any of that fun stuff so I'm
using my camera slash phone to record
everything so if it looks kind of screwy
how I apologize but that's life
so step one obviously if you have your
3ds turned on make sure it is turned off
like not in sleep mode turn it off
completely like power light off not
blinking now for the excel the card slot
is right here so all you got to do is
open it up forgive me but doing this
one-handed is a little screwy card is
right in there so you just got to pop it
out or is it there it is don't slide
around okay here's the original card
four gig new one 32 gig so if you don't
have a computer that has a card slot
built-in and you have to use one of
these things all you basically have to
do is pop the memory card into the
reader clicky clicky and then pop it
into a USB port now you can see here the
computer has detected the card and it
wants to do this autoplay business shut
that off but you can see right here once
I focus yeah that looks kind of screwy
but it is in the computer
it's got like there isn't much on there
but it's there so what you want to do
well what I'm going to do is just pop my
new card into my computer's built-in
slot and there it goes it's just
detected that so I'll turn that off now
I've got two card slots available one
has my data the other is empty so all
I'm going to do go into the card that
was in the 3ds do a right-click copy
then go to the other card which is empty
and do a paste
here you can see it's copying everything
like I said there's not much on this
card because this is my spare 3d s but
once it's done which will be any second
five four ish okay so the countdown
doesn't like to work yay windows but in
any case just about done poof
so now there's 32 gig card all we do pop
it back in sorry again
one-handed this is kind of hard clicky
clicky shut the door open in 3s and turn
it back on now once it boots up
there you go everything still seems to
be here one thing that you can really
use to test is if you have games on here
that we're safe to the memory card I
have the demo version of Tomodachi life
right there now if this hadn't worked
this would be here and it wouldn't be
running so there you go
fastest way to transfer stuff from one
memory card to another I just did it
boom done
so there you go if you have a small
memory card and you want to put a bigger
memory card that's it how you apologize
for the length of this video really
doesn't need to take this length of time
to get this to work but showing a
process without like fancy software and
yeah you get the idea but this will
especially come in handy if you have a
tendency to download a lot of stuff
because the original memory cards will
fill up incredibly fast so I highly
recommend getting a hold of a 32 gig
card I haven't tried anything bigger I'm
not sure if that works but it may may
not I don't know but 32 gig is the
biggest that I have tested and I know
works otherwise this game wouldn't be
running but yeah there you go
so thanks for watching see you later